Smart Contracts documentation (interpreter1) (#34)
archethic-foundation/archethic-docs: docs/build/smart-contracts/reference/condition.md

- `expr` is a code expression.

Example:
```elixir
condition inherit: [
    # <value>
    type: "contract",

    # <boolean>
    content: true,

    # <expr that returns a value>
    code: 
        if Time.now() > 1677572714 do 
            "condition inherit: []"
        else
            previous.code
        end,

    # <expr that returns a boolean>
    uco_transfers: Map.size() > 0
]
```

## Rules

1. **All "boolean expressions" must pass for the transaction to be valid.**
1. If the expression return true, this "boolean expression" passes.
1. If the expression return false, this "boolean expression" fails.
1. If the expression return a value, this "boolean expression" passes if the transaction's property has the same value.

:::info
In these blocks, there is also some sugar to automatically add the property as an argument of the functions called. For example `uco_transfers: Map.size() > 0` will automatically expand to `uco_transfers: Map.size(transaction.uco_transfers) > 0`.
:::

## Condition inherit

> The `condition inherit` purpose is to check the next transaction generated by the smart contract after its code execution. It ensure the next transaction respect specific rules so the smart contract chain cannot be compromised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `condition inherit` purpose is to check the next transaction generated by the smart contract after its code execution. It ensures the next transaction respects specific rules so the smart contract chain cannot be compromised.
```

```elixir 
condition inherit: [...]
```

:::tip
If the map is empty `[]`, it means the transaction chain is closed: no transaction will be accepted anymore.
:::

There are 2 global variables for this condition block:
1. `previous` is the transaction of the current contract.
1. `next` is the "next transaction".

See [Action's Appendix 1](/build/smart-contracts/reference/actions#appendix-1-the-transaction-map) for the details of the transaction map.

:::caution

> A specific rule is applied for inherit condition, if a field is not specified in the conditions, it assume that it must have the same value as the previous transaction. ie. `code: previous.code == next.code`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific rule is applied for inherit condition, if a field is not specified in the conditions, it assumes that it must have the same value as the previous transaction. ie. `code: previous.code == next.code`
```
